Improve docs for accessing shoot in `provider-local` setup (#7469)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/getting_started_locally.md

make test-e2e-local-simple KUBECONFIG="$PWD/example/gardener-local/kind/local/kubeconfig"
```

> When the shoot got successfully created to access the `Shoot` you can get the shoot `kubeconfig` by following [Accessing Shoot Clusters](../usage/shoot_access.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `Shoot` got created successfully, you can acquire a `kubeconfig` by using the [`shoots/adminkubeconfig` subresource](../usage/shoot_access.md#shootsadminkubeconfig-subresource) to access the cluster.
```

> When the shoot got successfully created to access the `Shoot` you can get the shoot `kubeconfig` by following [Accessing Shoot Clusters](../usage/shoot_access.md#accessing-shoot-clusters).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the shoot got successfully created to access the `Shoot` you can get the shoot `kubeconfig` by following [Accessing Shoot Clusters](../usage/shoot_access.md).
```
